write us a day with your free pit but
adjustable it will break down at
Mississippi State hosting Florida have
it for you in just a second well the
running college football began right
here last saturday with the 50 diameter
on Arkansas almost feeding Florida out
bite as a 24 and a half point hundra and
I step to the table again today with 50
diamond of a tutor oh and try to push 50
guy releases 25 and one here in 2009
perfect three LS Saturday papercut plays
15 dive dog shocker number five on the
San Diego State and today we come with
15 9 dog shocker number six and number
seven in a row as we keep this college
football run going if one run it spin
off that three and 0 last Saturday free
pick one around South Carolina Alabama
we come back on Wednesday night with you
kept beating Tulsa at white 29 and then
Thursday night and 25 diameter I'm poor
to stake out I don't know if Caroline
did drop the ten-dollar on over the
posted total then last night good 20
time wit steps up and gets it done with
Rutgers dominating army and all that way
brings us to today as I'm trying to hit
college football winners number six
number seven number eight in a row 15
dime or a higher and that's where we
stand today if you've not gotten in on
this college football run that I'm on
now Reynaud last Saturday you kept
Wednesday Florida State Thursday Rutgers
Friday here we are again with 50 dime
winner number 20 i'll wait for you and
to $15 gone chakras going for six and
seven in a row
going for eight straight college
footballers 15 diner higher if you miss
the fifty dollar in Arkansas last week
do not miss this 50 diner number two
turbo today is we go to find one in two
thousand a pretty big way Florida's
defense is ravaged with injuries much
like the way I used Washington plus the
points over USC with their former
offensive coordinator whip to Washington
Steve Sarkisian and beat USC lam the
former offensive coordinator come
floorings at Mississippi State they're
playing solid football turnovers have
cost them victories does not take away
from the fact that their offense is
moving the football their defense is
playing better and I like them plus the
points Florida's got a ton of injuries
and I just don't see urban meyer a run
in scoring on his boy pian moment good
friends got his blessing minutes mrs.
seat we're gonna grab mississippi state
plus the boys over florida have a great
saturday when he enjoyed 5902 in a row
i'll see you back here on sunday